Wang Xun, what are you singing?
nondescript
How can the drama in the hook bar be better?
Yes, I like it very much.
Very creative.
I am also a princess
This
What about this flower?
You only give the princess one flower
Is there anyone more stingy than you in the world?
I don't think you put the princess in your eyes at all
This is called loving only one person for a lifetime
Princess Wang Xueben will spare you this time
If there is a next time
Just pull out your tongue
Is it a princess? Sure enough, singing and sending flowers is effective.
Next is the dinner treat
Too bad I can't watch the movie
Otherwise it might be open tonight
Then I can go out and play hahaha.
Calamity is approaching without knowing it
Dong Qiang, how dare you?
How dare you trespass into the Duke's Mansion
The princess comes to the Duke's Mansion more often, but the emperor said
And the bold one, it's not me, it's him.
Dong Gun, I didn't provoke you, don't bite me
You really didn't mess with me
But you poisoned the emperor
Don't spill blood
How could I have poisoned the emperor?
Poison or not, you know it yourself
The emperor ate the meal you cooked
I will have unbearable abdominal pain when I go back
Who else could it be?
Yeah, no way.
What could possibly be wrong with my cooking?
Is it possible
Go down and talk to Yama, take it down